#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via sacremoses
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
datasets==2.0.0
    # via
    #   happytransformer
    #   poemsai (setup.py)
dill==0.3.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
filelock==3.6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2022.2.0
    # via datasets
happytransformer==2.4.1
    # via poemsai (setup.py)
huggingface-hub==0.4.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   click
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.12.2
    # via datasets
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   pandas
    #   poemsai (setup.py)
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   poemsai (setup.py)
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via happytransformer
pyarrow==7.0.0
    # via datasets
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   responses
    #   transformers
responses==0.18.0
    # via datasets
sacremoses==0.0.49
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via poemsai (setup.py)
scipy==1.7.3
    # via scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via happytransformer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sacremoses
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.11.6
    # via transformers
torch==1.11.0
    # via
    #   happytransformer
    #   poemsai (setup.py)
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   happytransformer
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
transformers==4.17.0
    # via
    #   happytransformer
    #   poemsai (setup.py)
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   async-timeout
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   torch
    #   yarl
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
xxhash==3.0.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata
